.TH GETNF 1 "2026-03-15" "getnf"
.SH NAME
getnf \- download and install Nerd Fonts from the terminal

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B getnf
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.br
.B getnf
.RB [ \-g ]
.BI \-i " FONT-LIST"
.br
.B getnf
.RB [ \-g ]
.BI \-u " FONT-LIST"
.br
.B getnf
.RB [ \-g ]
.B \-l
.br
.B getnf
.RB [ \-g ]
.B \-U

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B getnf
is a command-line tool for downloading, installing, uninstalling, listing,
and updating Nerd Fonts from the terminal.
.PP
It can be used interactively or through command-line options.
.PP
For the
.BR \-i
and
.BR \-u
options,
.I FONT-LIST
accepts either of the following forms:
.IP \(bu 3
A single font name.
.IP \(bu 3
A comma-separated list of font names.
.IP \(bu 3
A space-separated list of font names enclosed in single or double quotes.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h
Show the help message.

.TP
.BR \-k
Keep downloaded font archives after installation.

.TP
.BR \-a
Include already installed Nerd Fonts in the interactive menu.

.TP
.BR \-g
Operate on the system-wide font installation for all users.

.TP
.BR \-l
List installed Nerd Fonts.

.TP
.BR \-L
List all available Nerd Fonts.

.TP
.BR \-f
Select and install Nerd Fonts interactively using
.BR fzf (1).

.TP
.BI \-i " FONT-LIST"
Install the specified font or fonts.
.I FONT-LIST
may be a comma-separated list of font names or a space-separated list of font
names enclosed in quotes.


.TP
.BI \-u " FONT-LIST"
Uninstall the specified font or fonts.
.I FONT-LIST
may be a comma-separated list of font names or a space-separated list of font
names enclosed in quotes.


.TP
.BR \-U
Update all installed Nerd Fonts.

.TP
.BR \-V
Print the current version of
.BR getnf .

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B getnf
Launch the interactive menu.
.TP
.B getnf -L
List all available Nerd Fonts.
.TP
.B getnf -i JetBrainsMono
Install one font directly.
.TP
.B getnf -i \(dqCascadiaCode Hack GeistMono\(dq
Install several fonts directly.
.TP
.B getnf -gi CascadiaCode,Hack,GeistMono
Install several fonts for all users.
.TP
.B getnf -gl
List fonts installed for all users.
.TP
.B getnf -gu Hack
Uninstall one font for all users.

.SH BUGS
Report bugs at:
.UR https://github.com/getnf/getnf/issues
https://github.com/getnf/getnf/issues
.UE

.SH AUTHOR
.B getnf
was written by @ronniedroid and is maintained by @trimclain.
